hi guys it's me mangin it's really been
a while I have no time for YouTube
obviously trying to stream as often as I
can but I don't even have time for that
ok so i was having room lately um Joe
will got a job yeah with my boyfriend
and he's working weekends in Norway so
he's gone all weekend like thursday to
monday so i am i've changed my streaming
schedule oh my god hair please it's what
I've changed my stream schedule so that
I saw wives so I've changed my stream
schedule so that I will stream more
weekends and les suites which days and
so that's like the main big thing that
happened recently and then two days ago
I had the craziest day ever and i bought
a car i bought a freaking car i know i
feel so grown up yep so i'm searching
for an apartment right now and all that
so go and get going good and then
when we were buying the car I was with
my dad and we went to this media story
to get an audio cable for my car so that
I can listen to music and stuff and then
he just realized like oh damn we need
new phones for the company I work for my
dad if you didn't know
so we bought two iphone 5 I i used to
have iphone for us now i have iphone 5 i
miss my truck triforce case though i
really love it but yeah i have to get up
and you want for ya cooler one maybe my
hair is freaking stupid today I probably
like that so many will care of all
engines hair is crazy oh my god I can't
watch so I got a color and I got a new
phone oh I got a capture card I'm a
walkie show however media a live gamer
HD to see like my capturing thing
through it cool and yeah so I got this
it's really cool packaging actually
would like the I don't know the details
and some I really like it but I also
like the card doesn't just loved it I
kidding ok I screw that up let's put it
over here so I got a capture card and
the week before i got a wii u oh my god
I've gotten so need much new stuff daily
I got a wii u with mario kart 8 and sala
wind waker HD so i got this capture card
now so that I can capture my way
instrument just gonna be awesome I just
love the new mario kart so amazing you
can't like go in the internet and play
with people online instead of just like
having friends and lots of controllers
and all that so I'm going to be playing
that on stream online
ok I think that's pretty much at you
guys thank you so much for watching and
don't forget to rate the thumbs up and
have a good one mounting outs